## nuxt3_css_restart branch

I'm declaring CSS bankruptcy
The main index page and the pinned excerpts look great, but the blog is awful.

I want to go back to the original CSS (which wasn't awful, just not what I wanted) and add in the restyling for only where I want it to be, keeping other stuff.

It looks like things were deleted or renamed. I was using some AI to generate the CSS, and I have learned to mistrust even more since it did this.

## I actually haven't backed out fully.

Think I'll publish something intermediate, then try bankruptcy again

Main page doesn't work without font-size: 75%, but the rest of the blog doesn't look good with that there. And dynamically setting a class on the body causes awful blinking and resizing ugh.


## main culprit

I changed the default tailwind separator to be a double-dash - `--` - since `pug` does not play nicely with Tailwind.

I may have to rethink my use of pug. Otherwise, I do think it is much easier to parse visually than html.

Once I changed the uses of `md:` to `md--` so much functional appearances returned!!!!

Still some more things I would prefer.

Other main issue - font-size: 75% for `html` in `main.css` - this is straight from the other styling
I want to get rid of it for everything EXCEPT the purple layout.


Lots of uses of `foo:` (foo-colon) classname prefix in other files. Replacing.
There may also be problems with `components/nav/scrollTopIcon.vue` for other Tailwind things

lg:
og:
image:


NOTE: the only changes to `pages/index.vue` are the addition of specifying a layout page (which seems to be immaterial, given other css issues) and removal of the document.body.classList shenanigans.

I'm okay with smaller sizes for now.

Also, "excerpt" is apparently (now?) a NuxtContent keyword for an autogenerated excerpt. I replaced it's usage with `description`, for the most part. Not completely, tho'

## changed files

```
assets/css/blog.css
assets/css/main.css
assets/css/main.purple.css
branch.notes.md
components/blog/hero.vue
components/blog/list.vue
components/blog/relatedArticles.vue
components/blog/tableOfContents.vue
components/content/ProseCode.vue
content/blog/publications.md
layouts/default.vue
layouts/purple.vue
nuxt.config.ts
pages/blog/[...slug].vue
pages/blog/index.vue
pages/index.vue
```


git show development:assets/images/blog/watmap/_main.jpg > content/blog/media/watmap.00.png